Use a default tools tree by default if mkosi.tools.conf exists (#3704)
systemd/mkosi: mkosi/resources/man/mkosi.1.md

    using the settings below or with `mkosi.tools.conf` which can either be a
    file or directory containing extra configuration for the default tools tree.

    If `mkosi.tools.conf` exists in the directory mkosi is invoked in,

>     a default tools tree is used by default.

Reviewer: A lot of default, how about
```suggestion
    a default tools tree is used if no tools tree is specified.
```
